the batter's Heights for something for
those aspiring to become boxers they
would like to step on that wing and
become like their idols some brave and
take the challenge and engage themselves
in the science of violence out of
necessity to put food on the table and
out of desire intense desire to become
world champion for pride and honor a
fighter will always be a fighter no one
knew exactly when is the right time for
him to call it a day to quit don't hang
out those gloves only him the father can
determine when he doesn't have it
anymore even if the body is no longer
competitive the spirit still lives on I
can still do it it is much different
when even how strong a fighter is
physically but the spirit is very weak
and that's how separates the great
hunter s George sperm and already proved
it the late Gabriel plaza lowly could
attest to it and now but not hot Hawkins
has been proving it it is not only about
proving adulterous wrong that he no
longer has it just put me in that ring
with whoever
I may kiss the canvas several times now
but i would rather die in that platform
were in I sign my legendary career with
indelible ink my sweat my blood I am a
legend I will never back down will never
refuse any challenge i am eric elderly
bleh Morales